---
title: Week 5
---

## What Everyone Did
* A.J: Established the foundations of the piano/harmony chord puzzle with throwing mechanics, so the player could throw a shape at a target and hear a piano chord upon a successful throw. Also began writing and organizing added animations and effects for each scene and writing up a game script to describe the format from start to finish.
* P.J: 
* Ben: 
* Hannah: Worked on audio synchronization for throwing puzzle, compiled everything into the single scene and implemented the mechanics for moving between areas.

## Code Update
We mainly focused on scripting the puzzles and different VR interactions.

Links to Examples of Added Code:
* [Teleportation](https://github.com/UWRealityLab/vrcapstone19sp-team7/tree/master/PhantasiaConductor/Assets/Scripts/Teleporting)
* [Boids for guiding flock of shapes](https://github.com/UWRealityLab/vrcapstone19sp-team7/blob/master/PhantasiaConductor/Assets/Scripts/Boids/Boid.cs)
* [Pathmaker for drawing paths with controller](https://github.com/UWRealityLab/vrcapstone19sp-team7/blob/master/PhantasiaConductor/Assets/Scripts/PathMaker.cs)

## Idea Update
* We are thinking of using the Pirates of the Caribean theme song as the main song in the game
* Melody puzzle will be tracking an object that follows a path we define
* Base puzzle will involve throwing objects at targets in time with the music



## Plan for Next Week
For next week, we are hoping to complete the following by Tuesday
* Working and semi-polished versions of 3 ppuzzles, percussion, melody, and base
* Effects emmited when puzzles complete
* Flocking/controller tracking unlocked when all puzzles complete
* Everything compiled into the single game scene

Here is what everyone will do

P.J.:
* Refine flocking behavior--figure out how to get objects to stay within the concert hall, how to delay the flocking, etc.
* Refine mechanics of melody puzzle 

Ben:
* Refine percussion puzzle animation
* Implement harmony puzzle
* Design path for melody puzzle

Ben and P.J.:
* Finish and polish the percussion puzzle (adding color/animation, adding all of the instruments)
* Figure out how to load the percussion puzzle into the scene once the player arrives at the percussion location 
* If time allows, work on making the teleport experience better

Hannah:
* Refine moving around the space
* Look into arranging a more recognizable song
* Work on mechanics of throwing puzzle. Tag team with A.J. to finish the puzzle

A.J.:
* Work on making everything prettier (graphics and animation)
* Start working on a guidence system to give instructional prompts
* Tag-team with Hannah on the throwing puzzle 

## Blocking Issues
* Developing interactions in VR is complicated. Especially with throwing, it is taking us a lot longer than we thought to make this mechanic feel natural
* Figuring out how to combine the different parts of the project is also challenging. There are a lot of moving parts that all need to work together. 
