---
title: Week 4
---

## What Everyone Did
* A.J: Continued to research relevant assets for graphics, animations, and physical objects (instruments, concert hall) as well as read up on existing open source VR projects. Purchased the concert hall environment and set up a basic layout within this environment of the initial player location and different puzzle sections on the stage. Also wrote a few scripts (see code section below) beginning to build up a library of object effects, particle effects, and organization-related scripts to tie objects and events together within a puzzle section.

* P.J: Worked on coding interaction mechanics for the percussion puzzle.

* Ben: Developed more audio clips and fleshed out synthesis of audio with puzzle mechanics and synchronization.

* Hannah: Implemented a teleportation mechanism that allows the player to zoom to different puzzle areas. 
Once the player arrives at the destination, the camera will rotate so that the player is always facing in towards the orchestra. 

## Code Update
Hannah wrote a script to implement player teleportation between locations within the game. AJ worked on basic scripts that can be further developed/customized to help with event coordination/puzzle gameplay (PuzzleController) and GameObject effects (ChangeActive and ExplodeShape).

Links to Examples of Added Code:
* [Teleportation](https://github.com/UWRealityLab/vrcapstone19sp-team7/blob/master/PhantasiaConductor/Assets/Scripts/PerspectiveShift.cs)

* [PuzzleController](https://github.com/UWRealityLab/vrcapstone19sp-team7/blob/master/PhantasiaConductor/Assets/Scripts/Puzzle_Controller.cs)
     
* [ChangeActive](https://github.com/UWRealityLab/vrcapstone19sp-team7/tree/master/PhantasiaConductor/Assets/Scripts/ChangeActive.cs)

* [ExplodeShape](https://github.com/UWRealityLab/vrcapstone19sp-team7/tree/master/PhantasiaConductor/Assets/Scripts/ExplodeShape.cs)

## Idea Update
* Different puzzle sections on the stage can be represented by floating instruments to the left, right, and center of the conductor's platform.
* Hannah and AJ met Friday morning to discuss melody puzzle implementation that will include synchronized motion and dance-like movements.

## Plan for Next Week
For next week, we are hoping to have a working demo with the following features
* Can teleport around the hall scene to different locations
* At the percussion location, a polished and playable version of the percussion puzzle will appear
* At the melody location, a playable (maybe not polished) version of the melody puzzle will show up
* Audio continues looping in the scene when puzzle is complete

In order to accomplish this, we have split up into 2 sub-teams. Each team will be in charge of the following.

Ben and P.J.:
* Finish and polish the percussion puzzle (adding color/animation, adding all of the instruments)
* Figure out how to load the percussion puzzle into the scene once the player arrives at the percussion location 
* If time allows, work on making the teleport experience better

Hannah and A.J.:
* Make the melody puzzle (plan what it will look like, implement the interactions, coordinate with audio)
* AJ will add basic pleasing graphics and piece together shape animations during the melody puzzle and between puzzles.

## Blocking Issues
* It has been difficult to combine our separate tasks into a unified workflow, but we aim to change that with a more cohesive team plan this coming week, as detailed above.
* Adding fun mechanics and animations will take time, but is feasble. The main issue again will likely be overall synchronization with audio and smooth gameplay between/within puzzles with the right audio.
